Fallback service name (#2308)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/config.md

    </configuration>
    ```

3. Service name automatic detection

   If no service name is explicitly configured one will be generated for you.
     This can be helpful in some circumstances.
     - If the application is hosted on IIS in .NET Framework this will be
     `SiteName\VirtualPath` ex: `MySite\MyApp`

>      - If that is not the case it will use the name of the applications Assembly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - If that is not the case it will use the name of the application [entry Assembly](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.reflection.assembly.getentryassembly?view=net-7.0).
```
